Merge the suffix ops into a single box in the operator precedence mermaid diagram (#4067)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/design/expressions/README.md

[compound assignment](/docs/design/assignment.md) forms. These are statements
rather than expressions, and do not produce a value.

> ## Suffix ops

Reviewer: "ops" here is a bit ambiguous -- is this "operators" or "operations"? (Or is that ambiguity intentional?) I think this is clear, but avoiding the abbreviation might be better.

Author: Done.

These operators act like unary postfix operators for purposes of precedence:

> -   [Member access operators](member_access.md), like `x.y` and the
>     dereferencing variant `x->y`, only have an expression on their left-hand
>     side. The right-hand side is a name.
> -   The [compound member access operators](member_access.md), `x.(...)` and
>     `x->(...)`, have an expression as their second operand, but put that
>     expression in parenthesis and so it doesn't participate in the precedence
>     considerations of its first operand.
> -   The [indexing operator](indexing.md), `x[y]`, similarly puts its second
>     operand in matching brackets.
> -   The call operator, `x(...)`, takes a comma-separated list of arguments, but
>     again puts them in parenthesis that clearly separate them for precedence
>     purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Member access operators](member_access.md), like `x.y` and the
    dereferencing variant `x->y`, only have an expression on their left-hand
    side. The right-hand side is a name.
-   The [compound member access operators](member_access.md), `x.(...)` and
    `x->(...)`, have an expression as their second operand, but put that
    expression in parentheses and so it doesn't participate in the precedence
    considerations of its first operand.
-   The [indexing operator](indexing.md), `x[y]`, similarly puts its second
    operand in matching square brackets.
-   The call operator, `x(...)`, takes a comma-separated list of arguments, but
    again puts them in parentheses that clearly separate them for precedence
    purposes.
```

"in parenthesis" -> "in parentheses" because I'd interpret the former as meaning "as an insertion into the surrounding context" and the latter as meaning specifically "within two parenthesis tokens".

"bracket" -> "square bracket" to disambiguate for at least British English where "bracket" broadly means any kind of bracketing (parentheses, braces, square brackets, angle brackets) and narrowly means parentheses.
